# gaming-room-software-template
The Gaming Room client sought to create a web application that would allow teams to input their answers according to what they saw. Originally on Android, the Gaming Room client wanted to expand to a web application so that it would be accessible to more people. When developing the app, the client wanted to base it on the 1980s game Win, Lose, or Draw. The client was also hoping to create this under their budget. I did exceptionally well in understanding and expressing what the client wanted for their game, especially the main requirements. Understanding the main requirements of the client's wish was extremely helpful when developing the code. Providing a simple list allows me to know what I'm working with. Although I feel like pretty much all of my work needs to be heavily edited, I think the one part that stands out is understanding the pros and cons of developing operating platforms. This is an essential part of understanding what you have to watch out for and what needs to be considered.  I interpret the user's need as something I need to keep at the forefront of my mind. I have to constantly ask myself how the user would react based on what I have designed. It's pretty much putting on the user's mentality because disregarding the user's needs defeats the purpose. I'm not designing the project for my use; I must consider the audience. If it's too hard for the user to use, it will attract less traffic, and the client will lose money trying to maintain the site. When designing software, I first want to remember how to make the project storage and memory efficient. Creating software that utilizes a lot of resources from the sources can cause a lot of problems. I think one strategy I would use is first writing out pseudocode to help me understand my thought process and plans so that I can create something similar. Running unit tests and debugging the project are also huge requirements.
